Do you know
He is nothing more than a
The poor guy who set up a street stall on the street
Mrs. Li, please wait a moment.
I'm going to get him out of here
So as not to dirty the floor of Yingfeng Building
Stop
How did you get in?
If you can come, why can't I come?
also right
You have a special relationship with my brother
He sent you an invitation.
It makes sense for you to come and see the world
Speaking of which, I want to thank you
You asked my brother to transfer 10 million to Xiaohui
You lied to me.
That 10 million is not for you
I'll take it back. What do you mean?
What did you do to Qinghe?
What did you do with the 10 million?
You know it.
You know it all
If people don't know
Unless you don't
I see.
You are not here for the party today
It's a good way to come to me if you can't get angry
Just a poor guy with a street stall on the street
Don't think you're hitting on my brother
You can fly up the branches and become a phoenix
Look who that is
Shen Yuning, the helm of Jincheng Shen's Group
He is my brother and sister
The stately governor's wife
If he knew you were seducing my brother behind his back
And let my brother and Xiaohui
Secretly transferred 10 million
Do you think he will tear your mouth apart?
Break your legs
Do you see it?
The governor's wife took the initiative to greet me
Salute me.
Just a word from me
You can't open a building here today